Tutorial pipeline, error correction blurb, and a couple of tutorials (#24)
XanaduAI/flamingpy: doc/quantum_error_correction.rst

.. default-role:: math

> .. _quantum-error-correction:

Author: This should probably be added to the toc, so that it's reachable in the docs.

Reviewer: done!

            $(".nav-item a:contains('Quantum Error Correction')").parent().addClass("active");
        });
    </script>

Introduction

> ------------

Author: This would be easier to read and edit if it uses line-breaks at e.g., 100 chars (as the rest of the docs).

Are there any images that would fit in here, so that it's not just a big block of text? Alternatively, divide it into sections with subheadings. That would make it easier and nicer to read.

Reviewer 2: Thanks! We will incorporate these in a future round of revisions.

> Quantum systems spontaneously interact with their environment; this manifests as errors in a quantum computation. Quantum error correction, and the theory of fault-tolerant quantum computation generally, has been developed to ensure reliable logical operations in the presence of noise.

Author: ```suggestion
Quantum systems spontaneously interact with their environment, manifesting as errors in a quantum computation. Quantum error correction, and the theory of fault-tolerant quantum computation in general, has been developed to ensure reliable logical operations in the presence of noise.
```

In general, a `[[n,k]]` quantum error-correcting code `Q` is identified by a `2^{k}` dimensional subspace of a `2^{n}` dimensional Hilbert space. It is often convenient to restrict to a subset of codes that admit a succinct description — as a common eigenspace of a set of mutually commuting Pauli operators — known as *stabilizer* codes. In general, a `[[n,k]]` stabilizer code `Q` is a common eigenspace with eigenvalue `+1`, of a set of `n-k` independent commuting Pauli matrices, which are called stabilizer generators. For our earlier example of a repetition code, it is easy to verify that the corresponding stabilizer generators are `Z_1 Z_2` and `Z_2 Z_3`.

> Stabilizer codes are, by far, the most widely used class of codes. Popular examples include the `5-qubit code <https://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.86.5811>`_, `Steane code <https://royalsocietypublishing.org/doi/10.1098/rspa.1996.0136>`_, `Shor’s code <https://journals.aps.org/pra/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevA.52.R2493>`_ and `topological codes <https://arxiv.org/abs/1311.0277>`_. An in-depth survey of stabilizer codes for quantum error correction can be found in Daniel Gottesman’s `Ph.D thesis <https://arxiv.org/abs/quant-ph/9705052>`_ and the two popular texts: `Quantum Computation and Quantum Information <https://www.cambridge.org/highereducation/books/quantum-computation-and-quantum-information/01E10196D0A682A6AEFFEA52D53BE9AE#overview>`_ by Micheal Neilsen and Isaac Chuang, and `Quantum Error Correction <https://www.cambridge.org/us/academic/subjects/physics/quantum-physics-quantum-information-and-quantum-computation/quantum-error-correction>`_ by Daniel Lidar and Todd Brun.

Author: ```suggestion
Stabilizer codes are, by far, the most widely used class of codes. Popular examples include the `5-qubit code <https://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.86.5811>`_, `Steane code <https://royalsocietypublishing.org/doi/10.1098/rspa.1996.0136>`_, `Shor’s code <https://journals.aps.org/pra/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevA.52.R2493>`_ and `topological codes <https://arxiv.org/abs/1311.0277>`_. An in-depth survey of stabilizer codes for quantum error correction can be found in Daniel Gottesman's `Ph.D thesis <https://arxiv.org/abs/quant-ph/9705052>`_ and the two popular texts `Quantum Computation and Quantum Information <https://www.cambridge.org/highereducation/books/quantum-computation-and-quantum-information/01E10196D0A682A6AEFFEA52D53BE9AE#overview>`_ by Micheal Neilsen and Isaac Chuang, and `Quantum Error Correction <https://www.cambridge.org/us/academic/subjects/physics/quantum-physics-quantum-information-and-quantum-computation/quantum-error-correction>`_ by Daniel Lidar and Todd Brun.
```
